---
title: Baseball's North Star
---

As a former Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum intern I have the privelege to return each year during induction weekend and help out. Here are my reflections from the 2025 induction.


Cooperstown, New York — From Seattle to Tokyo, Houston to Chicago, and everywhere in between fans were drawn to the village of Cooperstown once again for the 2025 induction ceremony. By 9:00am the field at the Clark Sports Center was already dotted with the lawn chairs and picnic blankets of fanatics, coming together to give one last cheer for their heroes who gave them cause to cry out so many times over their careers. 

Lightning forced the ceremony to be pushed back an hour yet this did not seem to discourage those waiting in the rain, swapping stories of the people that brought them together that day. Parents reminisced about bullet throws by Dave Parker and their sons and daughters about Ichiro doing the same. For many old friendships formed from inductions past this was the one day a year to see each other. An opportunity to find out what positions grandkids were playing and whether or not they believed this year’s edition of the Yankees would finally get number 28. For others this was their first induction; each moment a chance to get lost in the beauty of a summer day in upstate New York spent with thousands of like-minded individuals. For a young few, they’ll simply be able to say they were there the day Allen, Ichiro, Parker, Sabathia, and Wagner were inducted. Their parents will show them the photos in years to come binding them together like the stitches on a baseball.

The thousands who came together on this day seemed to be drawn in by an inescapable magnetism. A force kindled by a love for the American pastime that spans continents and generations. The author John Green once remarked that “...I only need you to love something that brings you together with others whose love is pointing in the same direction.” During induction each year Cooperstown becomes a baseball fan’s north star. Showing them the way through their own journey with the game: from their first catch with mom or dad, trying on their first little league jersey, seeing their first professional game, and for many seeing their kids do the same. 

All culminating in this moment where the love for the game brings them together under a cloudy sky. Because, this summer afternoon, nestled between the warm forest and verdant grass in Cooperstown, induction had everyone in attendance pointing in the same direction.
